[docs][material-ui] Remove numeric input workaround from TextField docs (#39629)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/text-fields/text-fields.md

### type="number"

> We do not recommend using type="number" with a Text Field due to potential usability issues:

Reviewer: I think this whole section, from "We do not recommend..." to the GOV.UK link, should be wrapped in a `:::warning` callout to help draw attention to the problem.

> - Allowing certain non-numeric characters ('e', '+', '-', '.') and silently discarding others

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- it allows certain non-numeric characters ('e', '+', '-', '.') and silently discards others
```

> - The functionality of scrolling to increment/decrement the number can cause accidental and hard-to-notice changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the functionality of scrolling to increment/decrement the number can cause accidental and hard-to-notice changes
```

> 
> and more - see [this article](https://technology.blog.gov.uk/2020/02/24/why-the-gov-uk-design-system-team-changed-the-input-type-for-numbers/) by the GOV.UK Design System team for a more detailed explanation.

Reviewer: copypasta from the Base UI Number Input page - to make the link more informative

```suggestion
- and more—see See [Why the GOV.UK Design System team changed the input type for numbers](https://technology.blog.gov.uk/2020/02/24/why-the-gov-uk-design-system-team-changed-the-input-type-for-numbers/) for a more detailed explanation of the limitations of `<input type="number">`
```

> For number validation, you can try Base UI's [Number Input](/base-ui/react-number-input/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need a text field with number validation, use Base UI's [Number Input](/base-ui/react-number-input/) instead.
```

> You can also upvote [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/19154) to see it arrive in Material UI sooner!

Reviewer: We often say "sooner" in this context but as a reader it just makes me wonder, "sooner than what?" Instead, maybe we should frame it terms of expressing your need for it. I dunno, I guess that's nitpicky of me 😅

```suggestion
You can upvote [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/mui/material-ui/issues/19154) to express your need for a Number Input component in Material UI.
```

Author: Though in this case the issue already has enough upvotes at this point, and we're almost for sure going to do it, how about something like:

"You can follow (or "subscribe to?") this GitHub issue to follow the progress of introducing a Number Input component to Material UI" @samuelsycamore

Reviewer: Cool yeah that makes sense, I'd say go with "follow this GitHub issue" 👍

Author: Updated!

Reviewer 2: Good work @mj12albert Thank you ^^

Reviewer 3: why is this not a major priority?  Surely entering numbers a completely fundamental requirement?

### type="number"

:::warning

> We do not recommend using type="number" with a Text Field due to potential usability issues:

Reviewer: Last tiny nitpick otherwise I think this is ready to go!

```suggestion
We do not recommend using `type="number"` with a Text Field due to potential usability issues:
```
